Things I noticed about this subset of C that SubC compiles.
        
-The subset of C is a (mostly) strict and sane subset of
    C as described in "The C Programming Language", 2nd Ed (also
    known informally as "ANSI C" or "C89").

-Cannot Declare and Initialize in the same line.

-Must Declare all variable up top, and then Initialize after all have been Declare, 
    otherwise will cause "syntax error at: *type*"
    For Example: 
        int a;
        a = 4;
        int b;
        b = 6;
    Will NOT compile... But
        int a;
        int b;
        a = 4;
        b = 6;
    Will compile.   

-When using printf() to print integer, use %d, SubC Compiler doesn't recognize %i.

-Function name has a limit to how long it can be. If any longer, compiler won't recognize
     and start causing ALOT of compilation error that doesn't make sense. 
     Like: static symbol redeclared extern: initialize_targe
     with initialize_targe being the longest it can be in a function name. 16 letters at most.

I guess you dont need to include a function if you dont need to define it in a particular source file.
    Because if you do, subc won't compile, and will be like 
    error: evilvar.h: 1: ')' expected
    error: evilvar.h: 1: ';' expected
    error: evilvar.h: 1: type specifier expected at: *
    error: evilvar.h: 1: error recovery failed
    error: evilvar.h: 1: fatal error, stop
    POSSIBLE REASON: This happens when I include the same file twice in a build, I am guessing the include guard doesn't work in subc.
        It's probably also why author of subc never used any include guard in header files.
    This is lastest reason I have come up with.
        The above compilation error are caused by those variable type not being defined. 
        Check their source file and find the right declaration. Since they are different than standard C.
        The Include keyword works, but most source files doesn't have a include guard, so redefinition error may come up.
        To fix this, just add a include guard to source file.
        I have done this to subc's stdio.h on July 5th 2018.

Apparently, you don't need to do Include in main.c to find some function in another header file???

fct within bracket dont work expectly, such as subword[strlen(subword)] = inword[i];
    this caused infinite loop.
    fixed it by doing   int sublen;
                        sublen = strlen(subword);
                        subword[sublen] = inword[i]

If you change the source of input, to imitate a file, make sure the last thing to return is a -1.
    A string doesn't know how to store -1 in it self, it's changed to 255 instead, cuz of overload possibly.
    So to have a condition to return -1 if i == strlen.
    A char knows how to store -1 though, as do FILE.

VAR Token in subc source is refering to its own list of enum of int that stands for certain things.
    such as 49 meaning the Token stands for the type 'int'.
    For the list check defs.h